END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT FOR EPiSERVER 7 CMS, COMMERCE, RELATE, FIND AND SUPPLEMENTAL 
PRODUCTS

IMPORTANT - PLEASE READ THROUGH THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE END USER LICENSE 
AGREEMENT ("AGREEMENT") BELOW BEFORE LICENSEE INSTALLS AND/OR USES THE SOFTWARE IN ANY 
WAY. BY INSTALLING, COPYING, DOWNLOADING, OR IN ANY OTHER WAY USING THE SOFTWARE, LICENSEE 
ACCEPTS THE CONDITIONS BELOW AND THIS AGREEMENT BECOMES A BINDING OBLIGATION ON LICENSEE. 
BY SIGNING BELOW, LICENSEE HAS AGREED THAT THIS AGREEMENT IS THE COMPLETE AND EXCLUSIVE 
STATEMENT OF THE AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE PARTIES AND SUPERSEDES ALL OTHER PROPOSALS AND 
PRIOR AGREEMENTS, ORAL OR WRITTEN, BETWEEN THE PARTIES RELATING TO THE SUBJECT MATTER 
HEREIN.  IF LICENSEE DOES NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, DO NOT INSTALL, COPY, 
DOWNLOAD, IN ANY OTHER WAY USE THE SOFTWARE, OR OTHERWISE INDICATE REFUSAL, AND MAKE NO 
FURTHER USE OF THE SOFTWARE. 

1. Definitions

"Agreement" means this End User License Agreement.

"Applied Software" means the third party software listed in Section 12 below.

"Development Licenses" means a limited License Type that can only be used for 
non-commercial purpose(s).  They cannot be used for any public facing site or server and 
are typically labeled as, but not limited to, "Partner", "Developer", "Demo", 
"Demonstration" or "Evaluation" licenses. Developer Licenses are limited to site, server 
and/or usage restrictions.

"EPiServer" means EPiServer AB. 

"Implemented Software" means the implemented third party software listed in Section 11 
below.

"Intranet Licenses" means a limited License Type that can only be used for internal 
purposes by Licensee and only by personnel within Licensee’s organization.  They cannot be 
used for any public facing site or server and are typically labeled as, but not limited 
to, "Intranet" licenses. Intranet Licenses are limited to site, server and/or usage 
restrictions.

"Licensee" means the customer licensing the Software in accordance with this Agreement. 

"License Type" means the license types provided by EPiServer from time to time.

"Products" means the product EPiServer 7™ CMS , Commerce, Relate and Supplemental products 
provided by EPiServer as further described in Section 2.1 and 2.2 below.

"Software" means (i) all of the contents of the files, CD-ROMs or other media in 
machine-readable form provided under this Agreement, including (a) all software provided 
by EPiServer (b) Applied Software, (c) Implemented Software (d) Third party software 
included in Packages of software, (ii) related explanatory written material or files 
("Documentation"); but excluding any part of the original source code of the Implemented 
Software.

"Software Bundles" means a packaging of license(s) and/or License Type(s), i.e. EPiServer 
Social Commerce Solution, EPiServer Social Intranet Solution, etc.  Software Bundles are 
subject to all terms, conditions, and end user license agreements of whichever Software 
and/or License Type(s) that include and are limited to site, server and/or usage 
restrictions. 

"Third Party Products" means third party software provided by a third party which may be 
installed together with the Software.

"Use" means to access, install, download and/or execute the Software in order to utilize 
the functionality of the Software. 

2. Software License 

For so long as the Licensee complies with the terms of this Agreement and makes full and 
timely payment of all fees and charges, EPiServer grants Licensee a non-exclusive, 
non-transferable limited license to use the Software solely for Licensee’s internal 
business purposes and in accordance with the following conditions:

2.1 General Use of Products. The condition for general Use differs depending on the 
Product and the terms and conditions for the License Type acquired by the Licensee. 
Additional definitions, terms, conditions and restrictions will apply depending on license 
type, and can be found on (http://www.episerver.com/license_types).  EPiServer presently 
offers the following Products;

 (i) EPiServer 7™ CMS (Production License). The Licensee may install the Software in 
machine-readable, object code form on one (1) physical computer/server or on one (1) 
virtual server in a virtual operating system environment for each license they have 
purchased. Each license is valid for one (1) EPiServer application, i.e. one site or one 
virtual directory within Internet Information Services ("IIS").

 (ii) EPiServer 7™ Commerce (Production License). The Licensee may install the Software in 
machine-readable, object code form on one (1) physical computer/server or on one (1) 
virtual server in a virtual operating system environment for each license they have 
purchased. Each license is valid for one (1) EPiServer application, i.e. one site or one 
virtual directory within Internet Information Services ("IIS").

 (iii) EPiServer 7™ Relate (Production License). The Licensee may install the Software in 
machine-readable, object code form on one (1) physical computer/server or on one (1) 
virtual server in a virtual operating system environment for each license they have 
purchased. Each license is valid for one (1) EPiServer application, i.e. one site or one 
virtual directory within Internet Information Services ("IIS").

 (iv) EPiServer Development License(s). The Licensee may install Development License(s) of 
the Software in machine-readable, object code form on one (1) non-public facing physical 
developer computer or on one (1) non-public facing virtual developer instance in a virtual 
operating system environment to be used by a single user. Development License(s) are 
further limited by time, user and/or usage rights, defined within the EPiServer License 
Types and General Terms and Conditions. 

 (v) EPiServer Demonstration License(s). The Licensee may install Demonstration License(s) 
of the Software in machine-readable, object code form on one (1) non-public facing 
physical developer computer or on one (1) non-public facing virtual developer instance in 
a virtual operating system environment to be used for demonstration purposes only. 
Demonstration Licenses are further limited by time, user and/or usage rights, defined 
within the EPiServer License Types and General Terms and Conditions.   

 (vi) Software Bundle(s). The Licensee may install a Software Bundle in machine-readable, 
object code form on the number of physical computer(s)/server(s) or on the number virtual 
server(s) in a virtual operating system environment that the Software Bundle they have 
purchased includes. Each Software Bundle is valid for the explicit number of EPiServer 
applications, i.e. one site or one virtual directory within Internet Information Services 
("IIS"), its description includes. For example, the EPiServer Online Sales Solution - 5 
Sites Software Bundle is subject to the end user license agreements and terms applicable 
for both EPiServer 7™ CMS and EPiServer 7™ Commerce, will support up to five (5) EPiServer 
applications on three (3) physical/virtual server. Software Bundles may be further limited 
by time, user and/or usage rights which can be found within the EPiServer License Types 
and General Terms and Conditions.   

 (vii) EPiServer Intranet License(s). The Licensee may install Intranet License(s) of the 
Software in machine-readable, object code form on one (1) non-public facing physical 
computer/server or on one (1) non-public facing virtual server in a virtual operating 
system environment for each license they have purchased. Intranet Licenses may be further 
limited by time, user and/or usage rights which can be found within the EPiServer License 
Types and General Terms and Conditions.

 (viii) EPiServer Find (On-Premise License). The Licensee may install the Software in 
machine-readable, object code form on one (1) physical computer/server or on one (1) 
virtual server in a virtual operating system environment for each license they have 
purchased. Each license is valid for one (1) licensing organization, i.e.one (1) Internet 
Information Services ("IIS") instance.  The Licensee may not be use the Software to create 
a hosted index service.

2.2 General Use of Supplemental Products. EPiServer presently offers the following 
Supplemental products on the following conditions: 

 (i)  Packages of software. The Licensee may install the Software in machine-readable, 
object code form on one (1) physical computer/server or on one (1) virtual server in a 
virtual operating system environment for each license they have purchased. Packages of 
software can only be used in combination with a Product on the terms and conditions for 
the License Type acquired. Packages of software may include Third Party Software and 
require acceptance of other end user license agreements.

 (ii) Modules and Connectors. The Licensee may install the Software in machine-readable, 
object code form on one (1) physical computer/server or on one (1) virtual server in a 
virtual operating system environment for each license they have purchased. Each license is 
valid to be used with one (1) EPiServer application, i.e. one site or one virtual 
directory within Internet Information Services ("IIS").  Modules and Connectors may 
require and require acceptance of additional end user license agreements.

2.3 Backup copy. The Licensee may make one (1) backup machine-readable, object code copy 
of the Software for non-productive, archiving purposes.

2.4 Modifications. The Licensee may modify the disclosed parts of the Software solely in 
connection with Licensee’s internal business purposes. EPiServer has no liability for any 
such modifications or for any faults or errors caused by it (see Section 6.4 below). 
EPiServer recommends that Licensee implement such modifications with the assistance of a 
developer certified by EPiServer.

2.5 Third Party Products. The Software may be installed together with software provided by 
a third party ("Third Party Products"). With regards to Third Party Products, the relevant 
third-party license terms and conditions shall apply. EPiServer makes no warranties 
regarding Third Party Products and disclaims any and all liability for such products.

2.6 Service Channel. The EPiServer Software has a build in service channel used for 
automatic license key installation and updates, security announcements and other 
information. To be able to provide these services the following information might be 
transmitted and stored at EPiServer: License key information, software version, hostname 
(website URL), host IP/MAC-address and machine name. 

3. Restrictions

3.1 Transfer. Except as expressly authorized in this Agreement, Licensee shall not hire 
out, lease, lend, assign, sublicense, distribute (electronically or otherwise), resell, 
sell, create any derivative works of, or otherwise transfer all or any portion of the 
Software to a third party. Further restrictions are set forth in i.a Section 10.3 and 12.1 
below.

3.2 Decompilation. Except as expressly authorized in this Agreement, permission given by 
EPiServer for educational purposes only, or to the extent expressly permitted by 
applicable law, Licensee shall not copy, modify, reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, 
translate, make works derivate of the Software or otherwise attempt to discover the source 
code of the Software. Any violation of this clause shall result in immediate revocation of 
this license. Licensee may request permission from EPiServer to decompile the Software for 
purposes of fault analysis, integration planning and other internal business purposes, 
such permission to be expressly granted by EPiServer in writing and at its sole 
discretion.

3.3 Redirect. The Products shall not be used in solutions that use an internal redirect 
(automatic server side or client side re-routing of traffic) for purposes of circumventing 
EPiServer license restriction software, code, processes, and/or methods.

4. Ownership and Intellectual Property Rights 

4.1 EPiServer shall have sole and exclusive ownership of all right, title and interest in 
and to the Software, the Documentation, all copies and derivative works thereof 
(regardless of form or media in or on which the original and other copies may exist), 
including all copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, know-how and other intellectual 
property rights pertaining thereto, subject solely to the limited right and license 
expressly granted to Licensee herein. EPiServer shall retain all rights to its name and 
trademarks. With regard to Applied Software or Third Party Software included in Packages 
all the above mentioned rights shall be owned by the third party from whom EPiServer has 
acquired the right to use the Applied or Third Party software, subject solely to the 
limited right and license expressly granted to Licensee herein. The structure and code of 
the Software are valuable trade secrets of EPiServer and remain the sole property of 
EPiServer or, respectively the third party who owns the Applied Software or Third party 
software. 

4.2 The Software, owned by EPiServer, is protected by Swedish and international copyright 
legislations. 

4.3 This license is not a sale of the Software or any updates or new releases, or any 
copy. Except for the limited license granted under this Agreement, the Licensee obtains no 
other rights in or to the Software. There are no implied licenses under this Agreement and 
EPiServer reserves any rights not expressly granted to Licensee under this Agreement.  
This Section 4 shall survive termination of this Agreement.

5. Security

The Licensee shall pay special attention to security aspects related to the Software in 
connection with the use of the Internet. Gaps in security may exist or be discovered in 
the Software related to such use. The Licensee shall carefully follow up and monitor 
developments within the field, in order to ensure security in connection with the use of 
the Software. Additionally, small errors or mistakes in configuration and/or installation 
may cause or result in security problems. EPiServer hereby disclaims any and all liability 
for any security issues related to Licensee’s use of the Software.  

6. Limited Warranty, Limitation of Liability and Indemnification

6.1 For a period of thirty (30) days following delivery of the Software, EPiServer 
warrants that the Software will perform substantially in accordance with the Documentation 
supplied by EPiServer with the Software. EPiServer’s sole and exclusive obligation for 
breach of this limited warranty shall be to use its commercially reasonable efforts to 
remedy or supply a temporary fix, or make an emergency bypass. To the extent EPiServer 
cannot perform its obligations according to the forgoing sentence EPiServer shall refund 
to Licensee the fee paid for such Software.  This limited warranty shall not be valid if 
the Software was subjected to abuse, misuse, accident, alteration or unauthorized 
modification or installation.  Other than this limited warranty, the Software is provided 
AS IS.

6.2 EXCEPT AS SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT AND TO THE EXTENT ALLOWED BY LAW, EPISERVER AND 
ITS RESELLERS MAKE NO WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WHETHER BY 
STATUTE, COMMON LAW, CUSTOM, USAGE OR OTHERWISE AS TO ANY MATTERS, AND SPECIFICALLY 
DISCLAIM ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, INTEGRATION, SATISFACTORY QUALITY, OR FITNESS 
FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE. WITHOUT LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF THE FOREGOING, EPISERVER 
DISCLAIMS ANY REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES THAT THE SOFTWARE WILL OPERATE UNINTERRUPTED 
OR ERROR FREE. NO ORAL OR WRITTEN INFORMATION OR ADVICE GIVEN BY EPISERVER, ITS DEALERS, 
DISTRIBUTORS, RESELLERS, AGENTS, OR EMPLOYEES SHALL CREATE A WARRANTY OR IN ANY WAY 
INCREASE THE SCOPE OF THIS WARRANTY, AND LICENSEE MAY NOT RELY ON ANY SUCH INFORMATION OR 
ADVICE.

6.3 UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL EPISERVER, NOR ANYONE ELSE WHO HAS BEEN INVOLVED IN THE 
CREATION, PRODUCTION OR DELIVERY OF THE SOFTWARE OR PRODUCTS, HAVE ANY LIABILITY OF ANY 
KIND TO LICENSEE, ANY AUTHORIZED USER OR ANY OTHER PERSON FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, 
CONSEQUENTIAL (INCLUDING LOST PROFITS OR REVENUES), PUNITIVE OR OTHER INDIRECT LOSSES OR 
DAMAGES (EVEN IF EPISERVER HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH POTENTIAL LOSS OR 
DAMAGE) RESULTING FROM OR ARISING OUT OF (WHETHER DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY) ANY ACT OR 
OMISSION OF ANY KIND HEREUNDER BY EPISERVER, ANY ACCESS TO OR USE BY LICENSEE OR ANY OTHER 
PERSON OF THE SOFTWARE, WHETHER BASED ON BREACH OF CONTRACT, WARRANTY, TORT, PRODUCT 
LIABILITY, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE. UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL 
EPISERVER'S AGGREGATE LIABILITY TO LICENSEE AND ANY OTHER PERSON FOR LOSSES OR DAMAGES OF 
ANY KIND ARISING OUT OF OR PURSUANT TO THIS AGREEMENT EXCEED THE AGGREGATE OF ALL FEES 
PAID BY LICENSEE FOR THE SOFTWARE OR PRODUCT AT ISSUE.  

6.4 With respect to faults and errors in any Third Party Products, the relevant 
third-party terms and conditions shall apply. EPiServer shall not be liable for any faults 
or errors in any Third Party Products or related to use of the Software in conjunction 
with any such Third Party Products. The Licensee shall contact the relevant third-party 
supplier regarding all matters relating to such Third Party Products.

6.5 Except as otherwise set forth in this Agreement and except in the event Licensee is in 
material breach of this Agreement, EPiServer shall indemnify Licensee for any third party 
claims based on the Software owned by EPiServer including infringement of any U.S. patent.

6.6 Licensee agrees to indemnify, defend and hold Licensor harmless (including Licensor’s 
officers, director, agents, representatives and employees) from: any claim, liability, 
loss, expense or demand, including legal fees and costs and including without limitation 
claims based on copyright infringement, related to Licensee’s modifications of the 
Software or Licensee’s merging or including the Software with other software or other 
violation of this Agreement by the Licensee.

7. Support 

7.1 No support, upgrades or updates are provided under this Agreement. Software updates 
may be provided by EPiServer by purchase of a Software subscription. Technical support for 
the Software may be provided by the reseller from which the Licensee purchased the 
Software pursuant to a separate support agreement. Please check with the reseller of the 
Software regarding any such support obligations.

8. Termination

8.1 This Agreement is effective until terminated. In the case that Licensee is in breach 
of any of the provisions in this Agreement, EPiServer shall have the right to terminate 
this Agreement, such termination to be effective immediately. Upon such termination, the 
Licensee shall delete all copies of the Software and will provide EPiServer certification 
of destruction of the Software, all copies thereof, and all materials and Documentation 
related thereto, at the request of EPiServer.

8.2 If EPiServer, by any reason, no longer should have the necessary licenses for the 
Implemented Software or the Applied Software EPiServer shall within reasonable time and 
with reasonable effort provide a substitute for such software.  If no such substitute may 
be found, EPiServer may, at its own option, terminate this license and return any license 
fee to the user minus any depreciation in the value of such software.

9. Governing Law and Dispute Resolution

Section 9.1 shall apply if the ordering entity of the customer has its registered office 
in the USA whereas Section 9.2 shall apply if the ordering entity of the customer has its 
registered office outside the USA.

9.1 This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of State 
of Illinois, without regard to its conflict of laws provision.  This Agreement will not be 
governed by the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of 
Goods, the application of which is expressly excluded. 

Any unresolved controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement, except 
for any such controversies or claims arising out of EPiServer’s intellectual property 
rights for which a provisional remedy or equitable relief is sought, shall be submitted to 
arbitration in accordance with the rules of the American Arbitration Association (the " 
AAA ").  The arbitration shall take place in the state of Illinois, in accordance with the 
Commercial Arbitration Rules then in effect, and judgment upon any award rendered in such 
arbitration will be binding and may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof.  
Each party will bear its own costs with respect to any disputes arising under this 
Agreement.  Each of the parties to this Agreement consents to personal jurisdiction for 
any equitable or other action sought in a U.S. District Court in Illinois or any court of 
the State of Illinois having subject matter jurisdiction.

9.2 This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the substantive 
laws of Sweden. Any dispute, controversy or claim arising out of or in connection with 
this contract, or the breach, termination or invalidity thereof, shall be finally settled 
by arbitration in accordance with the Rules for Expedited Arbitrations of the Arbitration 
Institute of the Stockholm Chamber of Commerce. The place of arbitration shall be 
Stockholm.

10. General provision

10.1 The following contractual documents shall apply between EPiServer and Licensee and 
form part of this Agreement: (i) This Agreement and (ii) EPiServer License Types and 
General Terms and Conditions.  Subsection (ii) can be found at 
http://www.episerver.com/license_types. In case of any discrepancy or inconsistency 
between the contractual documents, the documents shall prevail in the order listed above, 
unless the circumstances clearly induce otherwise.

10.2 Amendments or supplements to this Agreement must be made in written form and executed 
by both parties hereto in order to be valid between the parties.

10.3 This Agreement is valid for the version(s) of the Software released after November 
1st 2012. EPiServer may amend the terms and conditions of this Agreement for any upcoming 
versions of the Software. 

10.4 Licensee shall not assign or sublicense this Agreement without EPiServer’s prior 
written consent, which consent may be withheld for any or no reason.  Either party may 
assign all or part of its rights under this Agreement to an affiliate or to any entity 
that succeeds to or acquires all or substantially all of the business or assets of such 
party through merger, consolidation, or acquisition of stock or assets. This Agreement is 
binding on any permitted assignees or sub licensees.

11. Implemented Software

11.1 The following software has been implemented as a part of the Product.

(i) Private port of Lucene dot net, Open Source, (Apache Software License); (ii) Log4net, 
Open Source, (Apache Software License Version 2.0); (iii) Simple CSS Parser, (Code Project 
Open License 1.02); (iv) CommonServiceLocator, (Microsoft Public License (Ms-PL)); (v) 
Structure Map, (Apache Software License Version 2.0); (vi) NuGet Packet Manager, (Apache 
Software License Version 2.0); (vii) Castle Project - Core 2.5.2, (Apache Software License 
Version 2.0); and (viii) EFExtensions, (Microsoft Limited Public License).

11.2 By agreeing to this Agreement the Licensee also acknowledges that the license 
agreements for the above listed software and MIT/BSD licensed components have been made 
available at http://www.episerver.com/implemented_software; that the Licensee has taken 
notice of said license agreements; and that the Licensee hereby accepts the terms and 
conditions of these license agreements to be, when applicable, binding to the Licensee.

12. Other applied third party software

12.1 The following product/s is/are considered to be a part of the Product however 
constructed by a third party (the "Applied Software").

(i) SGML Reader; (ii) JW Player;

In addition to Section 3.1 above, EPiServer is not permitted to give authorization to a 
third party according to said section with respect to the Applied Software.

13. Compatibility 

As between EPiServer and the Licensee Section 6, 7, 8 and 10 shall also apply with respect 
to the Implemented Software, unless the license on the specific Implemented Software 
explicitly states otherwise.

IF THERE IS NO ACCEPTANCE THESE TO TERMS AND CONDITIONS, CEASE ALL USE AND RETURN THE 
PRODUCT TO THE COMPANY LICENSEE PURCHASED IT FROM WITHIN THIRTY (30) DAYS FOR A FULL 
REFUND OF THE LICENSE FEE. 

If the Licensee has any questions concerning this Agreement or otherwise wishes to contact 
EPiServer, the Licensee is referred to:

EPiServer AB (Headquarter), Sales Information, Box 7007, 103 86 STOCKHOLM, Sweden; Phone: 
+46(0)8 555 827 00, Fax: +46(0)8 555 827 01; E-mail: sales@episerver.com.

EPiServer Inc. (US Office) , Sales Information, 2 Mid America Plaza, Suite 600, Oakbrook 
Terrace, IL 60181, USA; Phone: +1 630-974-3000; E-mail: sales@episerver.com

